Oops Jianhua
You have to be careful next time
Don't fall off the top of the river again
It's a broken head and cracked ribs
You have to recover
You can't continue to earn centimeters
Let him destroy Ning Yuan
Didn't Wang Jianhua, this trash, succeed?
Wang Jianhua is injured
The centimeter of the disease price is only 3 a day
We have more work to do to help him make up for it.
Otherwise, at the end of the year, the grain will be divided into centimeters
Centimeters are not enough
We're all going to be dragged down
Okay.
We have to take food to see Wang Jianhua later
After all, they are all comrades
Really, you are so kind
By the way, Xiaoxia
Didn't your family send you oil tea and fried rice?
To Qin Xiaoxia
You take some out
All our own colleagues
Don't be stingy like a capitalist
We're going to prepare new ginger and garlic for you
But I don't have bone soup.
This tour guide soup is not as bad as bone soup
It's okay, I have brown sugar.
I'll get some brown sugar scallion oil tea to fry the rice
Zhenzhen, you are so generous
My Evergreen Cookies
The white rabbit toffee is gone
What? That's a high-end brocade product on the account.
The provincial capital requires three tickets
But money and tickets can't buy it
Ah, that's right.
I just saw the clerk move all his things
He must have stolen something
I'd rather have this shameless little broken shoe
After I tricked the package of cookies out of his hand
I'm willing to eat one piece a week
How dare he steal it back?
As soon as he got close
The bad guy who devolved the transformation
The mind is corrupted
Now they're all thieves
The cookies and toffee are not all neighbors
So what?
He gives real
That's real.
Let's go to the village team and sue him
To be a thief, you have to hang a tag and parade the streets
Wang Jianhua didn't succeed.
I can just force Li Yan to deal with him personally
We will go to Brother Li Yan to preside over justice